Initial implementation of converter for training data files (#6404)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6404.feature.md

> User can use ``rasa data convert {nlu|core} -f yaml`` command to convert training data from Markdown format to YAML format.

Reviewer: what do I need to do to make this support nlg (responses) as well?

Author: `NLGMarkdownReader::reads` returns `TrainingData`as well as `MarkdownReader`, so it's mostly about:
- writing tests for `RasaYamlWriter` making sure the conversion is correct
- extending the "convert_to_yaml" function from this review to support `NLGMarkdownReader`

> User can use ``rasa data convert {nlu|core} -f yaml`` command to convert training data from Markdown format to YAML format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can now use the ``rasa data convert {nlu|core} -f yaml`` command to convert training data from Markdown format to YAML format.
```
